hey everyone welcome back to the channel
today we're going to break down two
popular health insurance policies that
many of you have been asking about ICI
Elevate and dat AIG Medicare premium by
the end of the video you will know
exactly which one might be better for
you before we dive in if you are
confused about which insurance is right
for you then ditto is here to give you
spam free and quality advice so book a
quick and free call with us links in the
description let's start with some
important numbers about both these
companies when we look at at the claim
settlement ratio tataa AIG leads with an
impressive 96% while ICICI Lombard sits
at 85% nwork hospitals T AIG wins again
with 10,000 hospitals compared to ICI
7,500 plus now ICI lombar does have a
strong 20 plus year track record in the
market and here's something interesting
both companies have similar complaint
ratios with IC sitting at 9 and tataa
EIG at 11 per 10,000 claims pretty much
neck to neck there when it comes to
coverage options there's quite a
difference T IG Medicare premium offers
a wide range of some insured options
starting from 5 lakhs and going all the
way up to three cross and get this
there's no room rent limit you can
choose any category you want IC Elevate
on the other hand has a room rent
restriction limiting you to a single
private room but and this is a big butt
they have this fantastic add-on called
infinite care that completely removes
annual sum insured limits pretty neat
right now let's let me tell you what
really makes ICI Elevate stand out first
they offer something quite unique
coverage for surrogate mother and usai
donor expenses up to 5 lakhs not many
policies in the market offer this at the
moment they also have this amazing
feature called power booster imagine
getting a 100% cumulative bonus each
year indefinitely and if you're worried
about waiting periods they've got you
covered there as well you can reduce
pre-existing condition waiting periods
and for specific illnesses the waiting
period drops from 2 years to just one
year now Switching gears to Tata AIG
Medicare Premier they've got some pretty
impressive features too their renewals
bonus structure is fantastic you get 5
lakhs per year up to an additional 10
lakhs for claim free years here's
something for international Travelers
worldwide coverage up to 10 lakhs just
make sure your diagnosis Was Made in
India and check this out they have
different maternity coverage based on
child's gender 60,000 for a girl child
and 50,000 for a Boy Child though heads
up there's a 4-year waiting period on
this one both policies share some
essential features that is they get that
bases right you get daycare treatment
coverage pre- and post hospitalization
coverage ambulance charges free health
checkups iush coverage organ donor
coverage and no co- payment now let's
talk about add-ons ICI Elevate takes a
more customizable approach here you can
add infinite care power booster and
maternity cover at 10% of the base on
ins short up to 1 lakh rupes tataa AIG
meanwhile includes most features in
their base plan itself though this does
make their premiums a little higher now
let's be real no polic is perfect here's
what you should watch out for with ICI
Elevate the CSR of 85% is on a lower
side you're dealing with a smaller
Hospital Network and those rumor ENT
restrictions can be limiting for Tata
AIG Medicare Premier be prepared for
higher premiums you're paying for some
built-in features like accidental death
benefit that you might not need the
fouryear maternity waiting period is
quite long so what is our take here well
if budget isn't your primary concern and
you want comprehensive coverage with
better service metrics go for Tata a
Medicare premium but if you're looking
to save some money and don't mind a
smaller Hospital Network ICI Elevate
with its unique add-ons could be your
best bet however we recommend going with
insurers with more comprehensive
features like Aditya vaa HDFC Ergo and
car Supreme let me sum this up for you
IC a Elevate is like a customizable
smartphone you get the basic model and
add features as you need them Tata AG
Medicare Premier is more like a premium
phone that comes with all bells and
whistles truly built in but at a higher
price point choose based on what matters
most to you whether it's Network size
Premium cost or specific benefits like
maternity coverage now that's all for
today's comparison folks if you found
this video helpful don't forget to hit
that like button and subscribe for more
Insurance breakdowns drop your questions
in the the comments below and I'll see
you in the next one happy Insurance
hunting